Free medical information disclaimer: cover
1.	This template legal document was produced and published by SEQ Legal LLP.
2.	We control the copyright in this template, and you may only use this template in accordance with the licensing provisions in our terms and conditions. Those licensing provisions include an obligation to retain the SEQ Legal credit incorporated into the template.
3.	The current version of our terms and conditions is available at: https://seqlegal.com/our-terms-and-conditions.
4.	If you would like to use this template without the SEQ Legal credit, you can purchase a licence to do so at: https://www.website-contracts.co.uk/seqlegal-licences.html
5.	You will need to edit this template before use. Guidance notes to help you do so are set out at the end of the template. During the editing process, you should delete those guidance notes and this cover sheet. Square brackets in the body of the document indicate areas that require editorial attention. "ORs" in the body of the document indicate alternative provisions. By the end of the editing process, there should be no square brackets left in the body of the document, and only one alternative from each set of alternatives should remain. Elements may be specified as optional in the accompanying notes, but that does not mean that they are in all cases removable. Depending upon the circumstances, an optional element may be: (i) required by law; or (ii) necessary to ensure that the document is internally consistent.
6.	If you have any doubts about the editing or use of this template, you should seek professional legal advice.
7.	You may be able to get free legal guidance using our public Q&A system, available at: https://seqlegal.com/questions.
8.	You can request a quote for legal services (including the adaptation or review of a legal document produced from this template) using this form: https://seqlegal.com/request-quote.
 
Medical information disclaimer
1.	Credit
1.1	This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).
You must retain the above credit. Use of this document without the credit is an infringement of copyright. However, you can purchase from us an equivalent document that does not include the credit.
2.	No advice
2.1	Our website contains general medical information.
2.2	The medical information is not advice and should not be treated as such.
3.	No warranties
3.1	The medical information on our website is provided without any representations or warranties, express or implied.
3.2	Without limiting the scope of Section 3.1, we do not warrant or represent that the medical information on this website:
(a)	will be constantly available, or available at all; or
(b)	is true, accurate, complete, current or non-misleading.
4.	Medical assistance
4.1	You must not rely on the information on our website as an alternative to medical advice from your doctor or other professional healthcare provider.
4.2	If you have any specific questions about any medical matter, you should consult your doctor or other professional healthcare provider.
4.3	If you think you may be suffering from any medical condition, you should seek immediate medical attention.
4.4	You should never delay seeking medical advice, disregard medical advice or discontinue medical treatment because of information on our website.
5.	Interactive features
5.1	Our website includes interactive features that allow users to communicate with us.
5.2	You acknowledge that, because of the limited nature of communication through our website's interactive features, any assistance you may receive using any such features is likely to be incomplete and may even be misleading.
5.3	Any assistance you may receive using any our website's interactive features does not constitute specific advice and accordingly should not be relied upon without further independent confirmation.
6.	Limits upon exclusions of liability
6.1	Nothing in this disclaimer will:
(a)	limit or exclude any liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
(b)	limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
(c)	limit any liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
(d)	exclude any liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
 
Free medical information disclaimer: drafting notes
This is a medical disclaimer document, designed for use on a website publishing medical information, for the purpose of disclaiming liability - or rather attempting to disclaim liability - in relation to that information. 
Such medical information may relate to disease, injury, drugs and other treatments, medical devices and/or health products.
The document asserts that the medical informaiton does not amount to advice, and if advice is needed an appropriate professional help should be sought. The document also asserts that no warranties or representations are given in respect of the medical information, and that the website operator should not be held liable if a user suffers any injury or loss after relying upon the medical information.
The disclaimer may be used independently or as part of a more general legal/contractual document.
NB the courts have many tools they can use to render disclaimers ineffective, and you should not rely upon any template disclaimer of liability without first taking professional advice (and usually not even then).
Section 1: Credit
Section: Free documents licensing warning
Optional element. Although you need to retain the credit, you should remove the inline copyright warning from this document before use.
Section 5: Interactive features
Does the website include any interactive features through which information or assistance may be provided to users?
Section 6: Limits upon exclusions of liability
Section 6.1
Do not delete this provision (except upon legal advice). Without this provision, the specific limitations and exclusions of liability in the document are more likely to be unenforceable.
